Seaton had one after the long chase he
finally had Lobo at his mercy but face
to face with his adversary Seaton's
resolve faltered
perhaps killing Lobo no longer felt like
a victory but a crime perhaps in his
eyes Lobo was no longer vermin but a
creature with dignity courageous loyal
and loving
until now Seaton had seen wolves simply
as indiscriminate killers but they were
obviously much more than that they were
the very embodiment of America's
vanishing wilderness
it's as if the conflict within see
between the hunter and the naturalist
was finally resolved
he decided to take Lobo back alive
sadly it was too late
Lobo made no resistance to me he never
once looked at me but acted as though he
was alone on the plains his eyes were
fixed on the far rolling mesas his
passing Kingdom where his famous band
was now scattered when the Sun went down
he was still gazing out across the
Prairie but within a few hours the old
king wolf was dead
we know that an eagle robbed of his
freedom a lion Shawn of his strength a
dove the raft of his mate all died it is
said of a broken heart and so it was
with old Lobo the king of the Caramba
it was Lobos loyalty to blank her that
had been his downfall
and now Seton took Lobo to be with her
again
seaton profoundly regretted what he had
done he never killed another wolf